01_start_here/PARTICIPANT_GUIDE.md, before:

# Welcome to the Cultural Probes Study! 👋

## Your Journey as a Participant

### Step 1: Understanding Your Role 🎯

You are participating in a research study that aims to understand software development practices. Your insights will help:
- Improve development tools
- Enhance software engineering education
- Advance our understanding of developer workflows

### Step 2: What You'll Do 📝

1. **Complete Coding Tasks**
   - Located in `02_your_task/`
   - Choose tasks that interest you
   - Work at your own pace
   - Use your normal development style

2. **Record Reflections**
   - Use templates in `03_reflection/`
   - Share your thoughts and experiences
   - Document your process
   - No right or wrong answers!

3. **Submit Your Responses**
   - Review your data before submission
   - Generate a submission package
   - Manually send via email

### Step 3: Your Rights & Privacy 🔒

You have complete control over:
- What data you share
- When you submit
- How much detail to provide

Your data is:
- Stored locally until submission
- Protected from accidental changes
- Visible for your review
- Anonymized for research

### Step 4: Using the Tools 🛠️

#### Protected Files
Some files are protected to maintain research integrity:
- Example solutions
- Templates
- Submitted responses

To view or modify protected files:
```python
with protection_manager.temporarily_unprotect(path):
    # Make your changes
```

#### Submission Process
1. Complete your responses
2. Run the submission tool:
   ```bash
   cd 04_submission
   python submit_probes.py
   ```
3. Review the generated PDF
4. Send via email

### Step 5: Getting Help 💁‍♀️

If you need assistance:
- Check `FAQ.md` for common questions
- Review documentation in each directory
- Contact us at elric.ettmueller@hm.edu

## Your Impact 🌟

Your participation helps:
- Advance software engineering research
- Improve developer tools and practices
- Shape the future of development environments

Thank you for contributing to this research! 🙏

## Next Steps ➡️

1. Head to `02_your_task/`
2. Choose a task that interests you
3. Start coding and reflecting!

Remember: This is about your experience and insights. There are no wrong answers!

Commit message:

docs: update documentation to remove outdated references
Remove references to:
- Deleted example files in task directory
- Non-existent protection manager code
- Unused configuration files and features
- Discord support

Simplify documentation to better reflect current project state and features.
Add note about AI assistance in README.

01_start_here/PARTICIPANT_GUIDE.md, after:

# Welcome to the Cultural Probes Study! 👋

## Your Journey as a Participant

### Step 1: Understanding Your Role 🎯

You are participating in a research study that aims to understand software development practices. Your insights will help:
- Improve development tools
- Enhance software engineering education
- Advance our understanding of developer workflows

### Step 2: What You'll Do 📝

1. **Complete Coding Tasks**
   - Located in `02_your_task/`
   - Choose tasks that interest you
   - Work at your own pace
   - Use your normal development style

2. **Record Reflections**
   - Use templates in `03_reflection/`
   - Share your thoughts and experiences
   - Document your process
   - No right or wrong answers!

3. **Submit Your Responses**
   - Review your data before submission
   - Generate a submission package
   - Manually send via email

### Step 3: Your Rights & Privacy 🔒

You have complete control over:
- What data you share
- When you submit
- How much detail to provide

Your data is:
- Stored locally until submission
- Protected from accidental changes
- Visible for your review
- Anonymized for research

### Step 4: Using the Tools 🛠️

#### Protected Files
Some files are protected to maintain research integrity:
- Example solutions
- Templates
- Submitted responses

Please do not modify these files as they are essential for the research process.

#### Submission Process
1. Complete your responses
2. Follow the submission instructions in `04_submission/README.md`
3. Review your submission package
4. Send via email

### Step 5: Getting Help 💁‍♀️

If you need assistance:
- Check `FAQ.md` for common questions
- Review documentation in each directory
- Contact us at elric.ettmueller@hm.edu

## Your Impact 🌟

Your participation helps:
- Advance software engineering research
- Improve developer tools and practices
- Shape the future of development environments

Thank you for contributing to this research! 🙏

## Next Steps ➡️

1. Head to `02_your_task/`
2. Choose a task that interests you
3. Start coding and reflecting!

Remember: This is about your experience and insights. There are no wrong answers!
